Dear participant,
Your team has been selected for Yet Another Hackathon! 2K'18. We'll be expecting to see you at the venue at 10 AM on 18th August 2018.

But before that, you'll need to pay the registration fees! This comes to exactly 300 bucks a head. One member can pay for all 3 or each can pay individually. But remember, all members of the team must pay. You are officially selected only upon making this payment. 

For our mutual convenience, we're accepting payments through UPI. If you are unable to pay through UPI, please contact us and we can help you out. 

Pay us at: 9962754468@upi

In the remarks section, please enter your team name so we know who you are. 

Payment must be completed on or before 10 PM on 14th August 2018. If you have any issues, email us ASAP. Once payment is completed, please email back to us with your team name & a screenshot of the transaction. 

Also note that if for whatever reason, you choose to back out, you pay more or are otherwise unable to attend, you will not be issued a refund for this amount.

IMPORTANT: You must supply a valid college ID card for entry into the hackathon. This means that you must still be in college at the time of the hackathon. Students who have passed out from college will not be allowed in as participants. 

Now that we're done with the boring stuff, we're sure you may have some other questions. So here's a small FAQ.

Food/Wifi/Caffeine/Water:
All provided to you for free. We'll be giving you lunch & dinner on Saturday and breakfast & lunch on Sunday. If you have any allergies that need to be mentioned, please do it now. We will not be able to arrange for something if you do not mention it now. In addition to the meals, we'll be giving you occasional snacks as well. And if you're still hungry, you could always visit the Ascendas Food Court.

WiFi will be provided to the extent of one connection per person. You may choose to connect your laptop or your phone but not both. You will be able to browse the internet generally but streaming or downloading of heavy files will not be possible.

Caffeine/Water/Drinks - Water & coffee will be available 24/7. We'll also be having a small stash of Pepsi and a can or two of Red Bull waiting for you.

Problem Statement/Topic/Subtopic/Domain/Subdomain:
Whatever you'd like to call it. Our 3 domains are Education, Governance and Healthcare. For each of these domains we'll give you a subdomain. We'll give this subdomain to you a day before the hackathon. You can choose which one you want to use and if you change your mind later, you can use a different one. And don't worry, we aren't gonna tell you to "make an app that does X". You get to come up with what you're making. We're just giving you a general area to hack something.

Judging Criteria: 
Our judging panel will be evaluating the teams based on 3 factors - Innovation(Creativity & Originality), Implementation(Completeness & Technical Difficulty) & Impact (Either Business or Social)

Goodies & Certificates:

All participants will be given participation certificates and a goodie bag that we made for you. 

Check-In: 10 AM on 18th August 2018 @ Ascendas IT Park.

If you have any other questions, please do let us know. :)

Regards,
The YAH! Organizing Team